Seller Interview
The Boutique
 
General Information
 
List all Domains that will be offered for sale.
www.shoptheboutique.com
 
 
Name and Address of Business that owns and operates the Domains.
My Boutique LLC 10900 NW 21st ST STE Miami FL 33172
 
 
Who are the Business Owners / Shareholders?
Samantha Ruiz, Alex Alonso
 
 
Why are you selling the business?
Other business venture.
 
 
Are you the original owner? If not, how long have you owned it?
Original Owners.
 
 
Age of Business:
11 years. 
 
 
Please describe the products/services offered.
Fast fashion women’s clothing.
 
 
Do you sell any products under your own Brand? Please explain.
Not specifically manufactured for us, but all appear to be our brand on our website.
 
 
What are your top selling products, and what percentage of sales do they represent?
Dress, Sets, Rompers, Jumpsuits, Vacation wear in the spring/summer months.
 
 
Stock, Drop Ship or Hybrid Inventory Model? If you stock, what percentage of sales?
Stock -100% of sales?
 
 
What is your Average Order Value?
$116.
 
 
Is there any level of seasonality to your business? If so, please explain.
Typically Spring through Summer are extremely good for us. Holidays as well. Winter is a bit slower as we sell more of the going out style of clothes not so much winter coats (can be a niche a buyer can explore).
 
 
How many products are currently offered for sale?
We bring in new inventory weekly, At any given time we have 400-500 items listed on our site.
 
 
List any working capital requirements.
A minimum capital of about $100K/mo to cover cost of goods, marketing, and fulfilment. If you can spend more on marketing, more on inventory, the better you’ll do. Although you don’t necessarily have to spend 100K/mo to make good revenue. We’ve just found that to be the sweet spot. In reality, we wish we can spend 200, 300, 400K a month on all these categories. You’ll double in sales.
 
 
What growth opportunities are available to the business?
Same as stated above. Higher marketing budget will yield higher returns. We can prove it through our Google and Facebook Ads analytics.
 
 
Do any vendors comprise more than 15% of your purchases?
Not sure, We have specific brands/vendors we purchase or like to purchase more from than others.
 
 
Do any customers comprise more than 15% of your sales?
We have top VIP returning customers.
 
 
Please list your opinion of the company’s top 3 competitors.
● Shein
● Pretty little thing
● and FashionNova.
 
 
Will you have any issues signing a post-acquisition Non-Compete?
No at all.
 
 
Description of the markets in which the company operates (trends, sales drivers, history):
US based mainly. Sale drivers are our 4-5x a week email campaigns, weekly text messages, viral social organic and paid campaigns. Influencers.
 
 
Describe the typical customer for the company by demographics, spending patterns, life-time value.
We cater to a 18-55 age group that like to travel, eat out in nice settings, our top 3 customers lifetime value have spent over $60,000 with our top customer being at $78,000 in her lifetime spend with The Boutique.
 
 
 
Work Load
 
How many hours per week do you work on the Business?
About 30-ish.
 
 
What are your primary tasks for the Business?
Buyer, overlook our creative team (graphic designer, videographer, and models) I like to, because it’s a hobby and personal preference retouch campaign photos and some web photos but this can easily be tasked off. (Samantha)
 
 
Do you have employees? If so, please identify their title and full/part time status.
7 currently. 2 models, 2 order fulfillers, Videographer, Graphic Designer, 1 CRM
     
 
Number of Customer Service contacts per day (Phone, Email, Text, Social Media)
Usually, 10-15 customer service contacts a day
 
 
General overview of daily operations:
Our team works 40 hrs a week in our warehouse. Creative team works on emails, video, and planning photoshoots or at photoshoots, Fulfillment center works on CRM, receiving and tracking inventory, fulfilling orders.
 
Customer Support: describe how customer calls/emails/complaints/questions are handled and any systems used (CRM, etc.)
In- house but CRM software will greatly simplify the ease of customer service. Highly recommend to switch to CRM automation
 
 
Do you utilize third contractors for any of your work (i.e., SEO, PPC management, Content Development, fulfillment, inventory management, etc.)
We always did. For the better part of 4-6 years. Now we’ve employed everyone in-house as we ended up learning all the ins and outs of strategy. We’ve paid thousands across various marketing agencies to have our Google and Facebook in a way that all we have to do is switch out the creatives within the campaigns. -but it is highly recommended to hire a team that knows more than we do as that is all they do across various brands and know the ever-changing paid social world better than any one can.
- Our graphic designer and videographer both handle the switching of creatives across paid socials.
 
Inventory, Packaging and Warehousing
 
Do you Ship products from your own warehouse, and if so, how many shipments per day?
60-100 shipments a day.
 
 
Do you use any level of Third Party Fulfillment, like Fulfilled By Amazon?
No – but very efficient for a buyer to use a third-party fulfillment and not need to rent a warehouse and hire employees, utilities, etc. We’ve never tried as our fulfillment team has been with us for 5+ years.
 
 
What level of inventory do you stock?
Not sure?
 
 
What are the Warehouse Square Footage requirements?
We operate out of a 4000 sq ft warehouse very comfortably
 
 
Please identify your Inventory Turnover.
Quick, on average within the first 30 days of receiving. We also keep our inventory quite low to be able to sell quickly and buy the next batch of new arrivals.
 
 
How often do you place inventory orders and what are your terms?
Weekly, Immediate payment.
 
 
What software/tools do you use for managing inventory?
Shopify.
 
 
What are the packaging tools and materials used for the products?
Custom clothing tags, black poly mailers (we used to customize with our branding but packages kept getting stolen during transit, so the less you show on the bags the better) inside we package nicely with pink wrap and seal sticker. VIP and first time customers get a flyer with appreciation copy and a discount code for their next purchase.
 
 
Do you have any contracts with your product suppliers? If so, please explain.
No.
 
 
Do you have any proprietary products? If so, please explain.
No.
 
 
Marketing, Site Ops and Sales Channels
 
Detailed explanation of your digital marketing strategy, by channel (PPC, ad networks, social, email, affiliate, SEO, etc.), and return on investment achieved by channel
PPC and paid social: right now it’s automated. We just switch our creatives within the active campaigns ourselves.  These active campaigns (Meta and Google) have been strategized by the best in the business. Demographics, channels, time of activity etc.
Emails: 4-5x a week designed by our graphic designer. We drag and drop into a template builder within our Klaviyo email platform.
Text messages, Push notifications, Influencers are all part of our marketing strategies.
ROI is extremely hard to pin-point like ok this made us the sale, no this did, it’s really a collective thing where ALL the strategies together work to bring us the sale. I can say, when we send an email campaign, we see a HUGE volume boost to the site when the campaign sends in turn, we see our sales increase through the time of send. I can for certain that say email campaigns are single handily the best performing strategy.
 
 
Current arrangements with advertising agencies, affiliates and marketing consultants, if any.
Not any longer cut ties this year. Very great team we can introduce to the next buyer they are simply the best in fast fashion brands! Marketers are not a one size fit all, we found these to be the best in our niche.
 
What marketing tactics do you currently employ?
Explained above.
 
 
What type of marketing would you focus on if you were to keep the business?
Keep same strategies, scale more on ad spend, influencers, and TikTok.
 
 
 
Size of your email database:
261,791 – 124,506 of them active.
 
 
What percentage of orders are repeat customers?
59.65%.
 
 
What SEO plan do you have in place?
SEO manager app within Shopify that creates meta descriptions as we upload products. Can and should hire an SEO manager.
 
 
What is your average monthly visitor level?
Anywhere between 70- 100K visitors.
 
 
Do you sell on Amazon or other marketplace?
No, Fast fashion brands have a higher-than-normal turn over on inventory. There are new items coming out weekly. Holding inventory for the sake of selling on Amazon is not best practice.
 
 
Do you actively engage in social media? If so, what is your strategy?
Facebook, Instagram, TikToc. We post reels and new arrival posts daily 3-4x a day.
 
 
 
Who developed the website and who performs maintenance operations?
Shopify theme which our graphic designer UX-UI designed. We have a developer overseas that implements all the designs.
 
 
Any recent development work, app development or ongoing major upgrades?
Website was last tweaked March of 2024. Typically do one once a year to keep up with trends.
 
 
 
E-Commerce Platform: describe the different systems/technologies in use
Shopify – various automation apps which include, return center for return automations, shipping easy for low cost shipping rates, SEO, Winback, Pop-up email captures, Klaviyo email campaigns. Attentive text message campaigns, Pushowl for push notifications, JQuery
 
 
List of any software used, indicating owned or disclosing the identity of the licensor.
Not sure?
 
 
Describe any special skills a buyer will need to learn in order to run and grow the business
The only special skill it would require is buying hot trendy items that sell. Everything else is very self-automated by apps and if they chose to, a fulfillment center. But I believe even the largest fast fashion brands fulfill their orders in house. We can and will provide all our vendors, best-selling styles at the time (changes weekly) but ultimately would need a good buyer to buy the best trending styles. Which is what Samantha does for the business.